Journal entry 001:

Despite his best efforts, I've stayed alive longer than anyone else. His best assistant.
Before I was sent down into this hellhole, I was able to swipe one of his notebooks without him noticing. 
He noticed, and broke my leg with a pipe. I can still cling to the walls and move around though, if not slower than before.
Beware of those grotesque beings. One touch from them will plague your mind. I've found they hate fire though.
They are often slow, so make use of the switch walls to cut them off.
For all who come after me, I hope to provide some small guidance.

Journal Entry 002:

This place seems dark and unending, and there seems to be an end to it all. You know what they say about peering into the abyss..
I'm not sure how much farther down it goes, but I'm sure I'll see it to the end. I hope. 
I have to hope, because if I don't, the only thing left for me is fear and this damned broken tibia.
Make sure to use find the old man before looking for the exit first.
While on topic, about that old man, he gives you the gate key to leave. I find him trustworthy. 
He never speaks and those... things never bother him. I wonder why?

Journal Entry 003:

It seems like this place gets larger with each floor I descend. Am I in a pyramid?
The gurgling noises come and go, but there is this foul stench that is always present.
I also saw a red one of those.... things today. It moved quicker than the others. It also almost looked... human. 
I am feeling migraines from time to time, and hearing an eerie voice constantly calling out to me from within. Like it wants to escape.
I think the silence and darkness are getting the better of me. The bleeding won't stop. I am... afraid.

Journal Entry 004:

It has been bothering me for a while and I can't get past it. That first red one, he seemed somehow... familiar. 
I'm not sure from when or where I'd seen his face, but it was not a foreign face for me.
It's also bothering me as to why there is always the same old man on every floor. How is he traveling between the floors without passing me?
I'll think more on this later. Side note, the voice is getting louder and is more frequent.
(At the bottom of the page you see these last two words written in what looks to be blood.)
... HeHe. VeRy GooD!

Journal Entry 005.

I got a better look at the red ones today. Yeah, thats right. Plural. Seems like there are multiple of them on this floor.
But that's not even the strange part. The strange part is they all looked the same. They all had the same face. ~WiTH THiS GRoSS SMiLe.~
It gets creepier. I got a good look at their faces this time in the light.
They all look like the old man. Exactly like him.
~eVeRy.~
~SiNGLe.~
~oNe.~

JouRNaL eNTRy 000000006:

To whomever...~you~ has made it this far, the old man on this floor has passed away. ~He iS DeaD you KNoW.~ 
I fear no help is available to you. ~you aRe aLoNe!~ I barely made it back here on my own. ~you WeRe NeVeR aLONE~
The additional torches cannot be lit. I cannot find the gate key. ~oR THeRe iS NoNe.~ 
I did find a eerie discovery while searching the old man for the key. It seems he bares the same small branding that I do upon his neck as I do.
I cannot see what mine says, but I believe his to be the letter C followed by a 5 digit number. ~you KNoW WHaT THiS MeaNS.~
The headaches rarely stop now. ~aND SooN NeVeR WiLL.~

HeHe! My eNTRy:

~WoW. you Too HaVe MaDe iT To THe eND. WHaT a ViLe JoKe aWaiTS.~
~HoW PiTiFuL i MuST HaVe SeeMeD, THiNKiNG i PuLLeD THe WooL oVeR HiS eyeS.~
~aT THe eND oF THiS FlooR, i HAVE SEEN THE ANSWER. SooN you WiLL Too. SHaLL you GueSS WHaT i SaW?~
~you WouLDN'T BeLieVe Me eVeN iF i ToLD you.~
~SCuRRy oN LiTTLe RaT! you SooN Too WiLL LeaRN THe TRuTH.~

